[Music]
dogs more than any of our pets must
learn to rub along together they're
often forced into situations no wild
animal would tolerate recent research in
a New York dog park revealed the full
complexity of their social interactions
they first become reacquainted using
their celebrated sense of smell up to
100 thousand times more sensitive than
our own by sniffing scent glands on
another dog's bottom they check its
identity as well as its diet health and
emotional state once everyone's formally
introduced the play begins
it may be boisterous but the wild rules
that practiced as pups stop things
getting out of hand
opting out is perfectly acceptable and
for small dogs not unreasonable toy
breeds must feel at a distinct
disadvantage but that's Boston Terriers
up for the challenge no matter how great
he knows the rules exchange doggie bows
and he won't get hurt
the play-doh lets him have fun with a
great beam three times his size
it's an invitation every dog understands
leaping together establishes whose
biggest it's another way to taste each
other but size isn't everything it's
about confidence and posturing too as
this belligerent Bulldog knows the young
labrador uses a trick she learnt in play
rolling over and exposing her vulnerable
belly the bulldog may be pumped up with
aggression but the lab submissive
posture takes the fight right hand given
playing together as puppies allows dogs
to understand the rules of the park
[Music]
[Applause]